# Phishing-prediction-system
Phishing is a form of identity theft that occurs when a malicious Web site impersonates a legitimate one in order to acquire sensitive information such as passwords, account details, or credit card numbers. Though there are several antiphishing software and techniques for detecting potential phishing attempts in emails and detecting phishing contents on websites, phishers come up with new and hybrid techniques to circumvent the available software and techniques. Social engineering is one of the most dangerous threats facing every individual and modern organization. Phishing is a well-known, computer-based, social engineering technique. Attackers use disguised email addresses as a weapon to target large companies. With the huge number of phishing emails received every day, companies are not able to detect all of them. That is why new techniques and safeguards are needed to defend against phishing. The project will present the steps required to build three different machine learning-based projects to detect phishing attempts, using cutting-edge Python machine learning libraries. Phishing is a deception technique that utilizes a combination of social engineering and technology to gather sensitive and personal information, such as passwords and credit card details by masquerading as a trustworthy person or business in an electronic communication. Phishing makes use of spoofed emails that are made to look authentic and purported to be coming from legitimate sources like financial institutions, ecommerce sites etc., to lure users to visit fraudulent websites through links provided in the phishing email. The fraudulent websites are designed to mimic the look of a real company webpage.  
